everyone enjoy 555 here and today
quickly um i'm going to show you the wii
fit plus tote bag that you can get by
registering wii fit plus on club
nintendo com or a club nintendo so
anyways you get this by once again
registering wii fit plus with balance
board it has to be it can't be the a la
carte game game up by on its own so
anyways um came in this really hard to
open plastic you know i had to rip it
kind of took it out then here is I
already did open it but um check out the
rap again so you can see looks like so
get this crap out of the way and um go
ahead the camera up whoops got chipped
over so anyways here's what the back
looks like and as you can see like it
can stand on its own but you just kind
of fold that out but uh so it has some
different um me characters kind of a
lime green kind of theme going on here
wii fit plus now if you're wondering how
I got this bag actually did it by
getting as many Club Nintendo coins as I
want and this isn't a scam it's just an
idea I came up with um now I don't get
any money by doing it I'm just like
giving you guys some hints but I'm you
know I have an annotation below on a
video we have an idea where you can get
as many clubman 10 Oakland just want and
you know by using with applause and
stuff and get this back that's all I got
it and also as the club nintendo little
tank there um so it's nice you know it's
I feel like it's kind of cheap I mean
the material here sound like some
microfiber kind of the I don't know what
it is but I mean feels not cheap i could
just kind of tear it it's like paper but
either way it's free so you can't go
wrong with this if you have wii fit plus
with balance board go ahead register it
and anyways that's pretty much it
there's my channel hendra 555 please
subscribe and thanks for watching bye